readme.md, before:

# Decent

### A decent(ralized) network for business and development.

In the beginning the web was distributed. Then companies in the valley centralized it for their own profit, impoverishing the creative class of the Internet. We're creating a decent alternative.

![Decent on Nexus](decent-nexus.jpg)

![Decent screenshot](decent-screenshot.png)

Decent is based on [Scuttlebot](http://scuttlebot.io), but uses an alternative network key: `EVRctE2Iv8GrO/BpQCF34e2FMPsDJot9x0j846LjVtc=`.

Decent combines all of the necessary parts of Scuttlebot for a simpler install process

```
% git clone
% npm install
% npm build
% npm start
```

You'll need an invite from a Decent pub to join the network [email me](mailto:ev@evbogue.com), or contact me via a lite client.

You can get free local and lite client invites to Decent [here](http://sdash.evbogue.com/invite/):

Once you're on Decent, be sure to obey the first rule:

1. Be decent

Decent is maintained by [Ev Bogue](http://evbogue.com), based on the work of [Dominic Tarr](http://dominictarr.com).

Commit message:

decent 2.0 uses the main ssb network key and depends on minbase

readme.md, after:

# Decent

### A decent(ralized) client for secure scuttlebutt.

In the beginning the web was distributed. Then companies in the valley centralized it for their own profit, impoverishing the creative class of the Internet. We're creating a decent alternative.

![Decent on Nexus](decent-nexus.jpg)

![Decent screenshot](decent-screenshot.png)

Decent is built on top of [Minbase](http://gitmx.com/%25%2BtyUthD1L689osLUj8LNLV4smRKpO7Wu07DB%2BLMd7TQ%3D.sha256) and now uses the main ssb network key.

Decent combines all of the necessary parts of Scuttlebot for a simpler install process

```
% git clone
% npm install
% npm build
% npm start
```

You'll need an invite from a pub to join the network or contact me via a lite client.

Try out lite client invites to Decent [here](http://sdash.evbogue.com/invite/).

Once you're on Decent, be sure to obey the first rule:

1. Be decent

Decent is maintained by [Ev Bogue](http://evbogue.com), based on the work of [Dominic Tarr](http://dominictarr.com).
